Docs/staker section (#89)
stakewise/stakewise-docs: staker/vault-staking.mdx

2. Navigate to **Vaults** and browse the available options.
3. Select a Vault and review its details, including MEV strategy, TVL, APY, performance, and staking fee.
4. Click the **(+)** button next to **Staked ETH**, enter the amount of ETH you want to stake, and confirm the transaction in your wallet.
5. Your stake starts earning rewards as soon as the Vault's validators are active.
6. (Optional) Click the **(+)** button next to **Minted osETH** to mint osETH and stay liquid while your ETH keeps earning.

:::custom-info[Position Health]
If you mint osETH, your position gets a [health score](/docs/ostoken/how-ostoken-works#position-health) based on how much osETH you've minted relative to your staked ETH (the <Tooltip content="The ratio of minted osETH value to your staked ETH. The higher the LTV, the closer your position is to redemption or liquidation.">Loan-to-Value ratio</Tooltip>). There are four health levels — healthy, moderate, risky, and unhealthy. If your position becomes unhealthy, it may be subject to [redemption or liquidation](/docs/ostoken/how-ostoken-works#peg-maintenance). You can improve it anytime by burning osETH or adding more stake.

> Position health also depends on the APY of osETH relative to the Vault APY. The larger the gap (Vault APY < osETH APY), the worse the position health.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Position health depends on the APY of osETH relative to the Vault APY. The larger the gap (Vault APY < osETH APY), the worse the position health can get.
```
Also, add that if the vault is running normally with close to average  APY, it's very unlikely that the position will get status lower that healthy.

:::

## Boost

Once you've minted osETH, you can optionally [Boost](/staker/boost) your position to amplify your staking yield. Boost uses your osETH as collateral on Aave to borrow ETH, which is then restaked automatically.

## How to Unstake

Unstaking from a Vault follows the same simple flow — just burn any minted osETH first, then withdraw your stake.

<Image img={require('./img/unstaking_flow_with_a_vault.png')} alt="Unstaking flow with a Vault explanation diagram" />

> 1. If you've minted osETH, click the **(–)** button next to **Minted osETH**, enter the amount to burn (or click **Max**), and confirm the transaction.

Reviewer: Here and in Simple Staking page we should mention that the amount user wants to burn must be in his wallet
